changing post_auth_check for post_key_auth (#2613)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/plugins/supported-languages/golang.md

* `"pre"` - contains array of middlewares to be run before any others (i.e. before authentication).
* `"auth_check"` - contains only one middleware info, his middleware performs custom authentication and adds API key session info into request context.

> * `"post_key_auth"` - contains array of middlewares to be run after authentication, at this point we have authenticated session API key for the given key (in request context) so we can perform any extra checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `"post_key_auth"` - contains array of middlewares to be run after authentication. At this point we have authenticated session API key for the given key (in request context) so we can perform any extra checks.
```

2.`"use_go_plugin_auth": true`

#### Post Authentication Hook

> `"post_key_auth"` hook can only be use when:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`"post_key_auth"` hook can only be used under the following circumstances:
```
